Rename azd extension/tool UPGRADE commands to UPDATE (#9370)
Azure/azure-dev: cli/azd/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.30.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

### Other Changes

> 

Author: review jongio's comment

Author: we're actually changing json output. so the comment is not relevant.

> - Rename the `azd extension upgrade` and `azd tool upgrade` commands to `azd extension update` and `azd tool update`. The former `upgrade` names continue to work as aliases for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: Worth calling out that `--output json` intentionally keeps the old vocabulary, since that's the part script authors are most likely to get wrong. `azd tool update --output json` still emits `"action": "upgrade"` (cmd/tool.go:1388 and :1563), and the extension side still emits `"upgraded"` plus the `dependencyUpgrades` key (pkg/extensions/upgrade_result.go:29 and :81). Someone reading this entry could reasonably assume the JSON followed the rename and preemptively rewrite their jq filters.

There's precedent for spelling out JSON impact in this file: the #9045 entry at line 43 ends with "Update scripts and JSON consumers accordingly."

```suggestion
- Rename the `azd extension upgrade` and `azd tool upgrade` commands to `azd extension update` and `azd tool update`. The former `upgrade` names continue to work as aliases for backward compatibility. Machine-readable `--output json` fields are unchanged, so existing scripts keep working.
```

> - Rename the `azd extension upgrade` and `azd tool upgrade` commands to `azd extension update` and `azd tool update`. The former `upgrade` names continue to work as aliases for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: You noted below that the JSON output is changing after all. Once that lands, this entry understates the impact: `azd extension update -o json` and `azd tool update -o json` change `action`, `upgraded`, and `dependencyUpgrades`, and those changes also hit callers who invoke the commands through the `upgrade` alias. So "continue to work as aliases for backward compatibility" won't be accurate for scripted consumers, which are exactly the ones the alias is meant to protect.

This repo already has a `### Breaking Changes` convention (13 prior releases use it, and it sorts first within a release, see 1.28.0 and 1.23.15).

```suggestion
- Rename the `azd extension upgrade` and `azd tool upgrade` commands to `azd extension update` and `azd tool update`. The former `upgrade` names continue to work as command aliases.
```

Then add a `### Breaking Changes` section above `### Other Changes` covering the renamed JSON keys, and note they apply to the legacy `upgrade` aliases too.
